WHERE AM I?
WHO IS THAT?
ALEXIS?!
ATTICUS, TOO?!
WHAT THE...
WHERE ON EARTH AM I?
ACTUALLY...
LET'S MAKE THAT...
WHERE OFF THE EARTH AM I?!
AAH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
WHAT'S GOIN' ON
AROUND HERE?
YEAH, THOSE 6
LASER BEAMS OF LIGHT
JUST SHOT OUT
FROM NOWHERE!
UH-OH...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T THINK
THEY SHOT OUT FROM NOWHERE,
I THINK THEY SHOT OUT
FROM THE SPIRIT GATES!
6 OF THEM MUST BE
UNLOCKED NOW!
QUESTION IS...
HOW WERE THEY UNLOCKED?
Ojama:
I'LL TELL YOU HOW!
HUH?
THAT'S SEVENTH SHADOW RIDER
IS VICIOUS!
YOU MEAN HE TOOK
THEM ALL DOWN?
CHAZZ, ALEXIS,
AND BANNER?!
BUT THEN THAT
WOULD MEAN THAT...
THAT EVERYONE'S LOST
BUT JADEN.
HE HAS THE LAST KEY!
OH, MAN...
THIS SEVENTH
SHADOW RIDER
MUST BE REALLY GOOD!
NO JOKE!
LET'S GET OUTTA HERE!
THIS GUY HAS GOT TO BE
LOOKING FOR YOU
SO HE CAN UNLOCK
THE FINAL SPIRIT GATE.
YOU HAVE TO HIDE
IMMEDIATELY!
BEFORE YOU END UP
LIKE ALL THE REST!
I'M NOT GONNA HIDE, SY.
YOU WHAT?
LOOK... OUR FRIENDS
NEED OUR HELP
AND WE'RE GONNA GIVE IT
TO 'EM... WE HAVE NO CHOICE!
YEAH, I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BESIDES, WE DON'T HAVE
TO WORRY
ABOUT THIS SHADOW RIDER GUY
FINDING ME...
BECAUSE, I PLAN ON
FINDING HIM FIRST!
UH...
WHEN YOU SAY I,
YOU DON'T MEAN
"WE"...DO YA?
YOU BETTER BELIEVE I DO!
AFTER ALL...
IT ALL COMES DOWN TO THIS!
EVERYTHING WE'VE BEEN
WORKING FOR!
AND I WANT YOU GUYS
TO BE THERE
WHEN I BEAT THIS GUY
AND WE SAVE THE WORLD!
HA HA HA!
ALL HAS GONE ACCORDING TO PLAN.
ALL THAT REMAINS IS THE ENDGAME.
WHERE JADEN WILL FACE
A DUELING TRIAL UNLIKE
ANYTHING HE'S EVER SEEN!
AAH!
UH, TIMBER?
THAT WAS WAY CLOSE!
HUH?
HEY, LOOK!
THE MARK OF AMNAEL!
IT'S LIKE...
IT'S TRYING TO
LEAD US SOMEPLACE.
NOT LISHUS!
FINDIN' THIS GUY'LL
BE EASIER THAN I THOUGHT!
COME ON!
LET'S GO!
SHOULDA KNOWN.
THE ABANDONED DORM
WAS WHERE ALL OF
THIS STARTED...
MAKES SENSE
IT WOULD END HERE.
ANYWAY... COME ON GUYS,
LET'S KEEP 'A MOVING!
AAH!
[MEOW]
PHARAOH!
AW, GREAT.
WELL, WE HAD
BETTER GO GET HIM.
PHARAOH!
WAIT UP!
THIS IS SO NOT COOL!
HUH?
LOOK!
A PASSAGEWAY!
AND PHARAOH'S PAW PRINTS!
WELL,
WE CAN'T FIT
THROUGH THAT.
GUESS WE'LL HAVE
TO TURN AROUND.
YEAH, RIGHT, SY!
THIS WAY!
AH...
THAT'S WEIRD.
THIS DOOR'S NEVER
BEEN HERE BEFORE.
SO LET'S
IGNORE IT!
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME!
THIS PLACE LOOKS LIKE SOME LAB
FROM A HORROR MOVIE.
SO WHERE'S THE MAD
SCIENTIST HIDING?
NOT SURE.
BUT, YA KNOW...
IF IT'S WHERE MY GUT
TELLS ME IT MIGHT BE...
HUH?
I'M GOING TO NEED
A CHANGE OF SHORTS.
A COFFIN!
OR A FRIDGERATOR BOX!
YEAH, THAT'S IT!
HEY, WAIT JADEN?!
STAY BACK!
CHUMLEY, COME GIVE ME
A HAND HERE.
AH SORRY, JAY!
I'M ONLY GOOD AT OPENING
PICKLE JARS AND POTATO CHIPS.
HE'S NOT QUALIFIED,
LET'S LET IT BE!
I BET HE'D BE QUALIFIED
IF THIS THING WERE FILLED
WITH GRILLED CHEESE.
BUT NO MATTER!
A MUMMY...
WHAT'S IT DOING HERE?
MORE LIKE
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?
YEAH, I'M WITH SY
ON THAT ONE.
HEY, WAIT A SEC...
GIMME
YOUR FLASHLIGHT.
WHY, WHAT'S WRONG?
WHAT'S WRONG IS THIS
MUMMY LOOKS FAMILIAR...
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO BE SURE.
IT IS HIM.
PROFESSOR!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THIS IS...
OR WAS PROFESSOR BANNER!
WAIT,
HE'S THE MUMMY?!
NO WAY!
PROFESSOR BANNER
COULDN'T HAVE
MUMMIFIED THIS FAST.
I CAN'T EVEN MAKE
BEEF JERKY
IN THE AMOUNT OF TIME
HE'S BEEN MISSING.
SO THEN YOU THINK
IT'S A FAKE?
OF COURSE!
THAT'S IT, IT'S A FAKE!
PROBABLY MADE OUT OF WAX
OR SOMETHING, RIGHT?
WRONG.
THAT IS THE BODY OF THE ONE
YOU KNOW AS PROFESSOR BANNER.
WHAT THE...?!
WHO IS THAT?
THE SEVENTH SHADOW RIDER.
THAT'S THE ONE THERE!
HE'S THE DUELIST
THAT TOOK DOWN CHAZZ!
AND HE'S REALLY GOOD!
BUT YOU GOTTA BEAT HIM,
TO GET CHAZZ BACK!
YOU JUST GOTTA!
IT'S TRUE, JADEN.
TO GET ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS BACK,
YOU'LL HAVE TO BEAT ME...
AMNAEL.
SO YOU'RE AMNAEL...
AS IN THE MARK
OF AMNAEL, AMNAEL?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND I HAVE YOUR FRIENDS
RIGHT HERE.
[STRUGGLING]
AND IF YOU CANNOT DEFEAT ME...
YOU WILL BE JOINING THEM.
ALL OF YOU.
BUT WHAT ABOUT
PROFESSOR BANNER?
HOW DO I GET HIM BACK,
OR IS IT TOO LATE?
IT WAS ALWAYS TOO LATE.
IT'S BEST THAT YOU FORGET
THE ONE YOU KNEW AS BANNER.
HE IS NO MORE.
WHADAYA MEAN,
NO MORE?!
WHAT IS THIS?
I WANNA KNOW JUST
WHAT YOU'VE YOU DONE
TO PROFESSOR BANNER!
TO UNDERSTAND EVERYTHING,
YOU MUST DO JUST ONE THING...
AND THAT IS:
DUEL AND DEFEAT ME, JADEN!
ONLY THEN WILL THE TRUTH
BE REVEALED.
ONLY THEN WILL THIS TOME AND THE
SECRETS IT HOLDS BE UNLOCKED.
WILL YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE?
WILL YOU FACE ME?
NO, I DON'T
THINK SO.
UH, HE'S TALKING
TO JADEN, CHUMLEY.
OF COURSE I'LL FACE YOU!
HA!
JADEN!
BE CAREFUL!
LET'S THROWDOWN!
PREPARE YOURSELF!
I'VE BEEN PREPARIN'
FOR THIS
EVER SINCE
YOU SHADOW RIDERS
FIRST SHOWED!
AND NOW AMNAEL...
GET YOUR GAME ON!
ALRIGHT,
TIME TO THROWDOWN...
CUZ I'M GETTIN'
MY FRIENDS BACK...
NO MATTER WHAT
IT TAKES, AMNAEL!
IS THAT SO?
BUT WHAT IF YOU DO NOT POSSESS
WHAT IT TAKES, JADEN?
BECAUSE TO BEAT ME, YOU'LL HAVE
TO REACH A WHOLE NEW ECHELON
OF DUELING EXPERTISE.
NOW WE BEGIN!
AND I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
CHAOS DISTILL!
WHAT IS THAT THING?
OH, YEAH,
LIKE I'M GONNA KNOW.
DUE TO ITS EFFECT,
ALL MY CARDS THAT
WOULD NORMALLY GO TO
THE GRAVEYARD THIS DUEL
WILL INSTEAD BE REMOVED
FROM PLAY!
[THINKING]
HUH?
WHY WOULD HE WANT HIS CARDS
REMOVED FROM PLAY?
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE MY SECOND
SPELL CARD, STEEL LAMP!
AND WHEN CHAOS DISTILL
IS ON THE FIELD,
I CAN USE STEEL LAMP
TO SUMMON ALCHEMY BEAST...
SALAMANDRA THE STEEL!
YOU SEE, ALCHEMY BEASTS
CAN'T BE SUMMONED IN
THE NORMAL MANNER,
BUT THEY CAN WAGE
DIRECT ATTACKS AGAINST YOU.
WHICH IS A BIG PROBLEM
FOR YOU
BECAUSE WITH
THESE TWO SPELL CARDS:
BRONZE SCALE
AND LEAD COMPASS...
ALONG WITH CHAOS DISTILL,
I CAN NOW SUMMON TWO MORE
ALCHEMY BEASTS!
OUROBOROS THE BRONZE
AND LEON THE LEAD!
I'LL NOW END WITH A FACEDOWN.
THREE MONSTERS...
IN THE VERY FIRST TURN?!
THAT IS CORRECT.
AND IF YOU THINK
THAT IS IMPRESSIVE,
JUST WAIT UNTIL
YOU SEE THEM ATTACK!
I'M NOT GONNA GIVE 'EM
THAT CHANCE!
I SUMMON...
HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND SINCE HE'S
THE ONLY ONE OUT...
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
AND I GOTTA FEELING
THEY'RE GOING TO BE
SOME SWEET ONES!
IT'S GOOD TO BE RIGHT!
I ACTIVATE
BUBBLE BLASTER!
FIRE, BOMBARDING
BUBBLE BARRAGE!
THAT IS ONE BUBBLE THAT
I'M AFRAID I MUST BURST.
I ACTIVATE A TRAP:
ELEMENTAL ABSORBER!
WITH THIS CARD, I CAN REMOVE
A MONSTER IN MY HAND FROM PLAY
TO NEGATE THE ATTACK
OF YOUR MONSTER
AS LONG AS THEY BOTH HAVE
THE SAME ATTRIBUTE!
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
NO, IT'S NOT.
NOT WHEN THE CARD I REMOVE
FROM PLAY IS AQUA SPIRIT!
NO, MY ATTACK!
HAS BEEN STOPPED!
AND IT'S MY TURN NOW!
GO, MY ALCHEMY BEASTS!
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
SALAMANDRA THE STEEL!
LET LOOSE FLAMESHOT OF ORE!
NOW, OUROBOROS AND LEON
ATTACK AS WELL!
JADEN JUST GOT
CLOBBERED!
HANG IN THERE, JADEN!
HE'S ONLY GOT ONE CARD LEFT
IN HIS HAND!
IF YOU CAN HOLD ON
THROUGH THIS TURN,
YOU'LL HAVE
THE UPPER HAND,
AND HE'LL BE THE ONE
WHO'S ON THE ROPES!
HA HA HA!
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
UH-OH...
YOU SHOULD HAVE PAID BETTER
ATTENTION IN CLASS.
PERHAPS THEN YOU WOULD KNOW
THAT AGAINST MY ALCHEMY DECK,
THINGS ARE NOT
WHAT THEY SEEM.
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
BLACK PROCESS... NEGLEDO!
WHEN CHAOS DISTILL
IS ON THE FIELD AND THERE
ARE NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
THIS CARD ALLOWS ME
TO REMOVE ALL ALCHEMY BEASTS
ON THE FIELD FROM PLAY,
AND THEN DRAW TWO NEW CARDS
PER BEAST!
SO THEN
YOU'RE TAKIN' OUT
YOUR OWN MONSTERS?
THAT IS THE WAY
OF THE ALCHEMIST:
DESTRUCTION AND REBIRTH.
BUT I ASSURE YOU,
IF YOU ARE DESTROYED HERE.
THERE WILL BE
NO REBIRTH FOR YOU!
NOW THEN, SINCE I REMOVED
3 ALCHEMY BEASTS FROM PLAY,
I GET TO DRAW 6 CARDS!
AND NOW, LET'S PLAY
SOME OF THEM.
I ACTIVATE TIN SPELL CIRCLE,
MERCURY HOURGLASS
AND SILVER KEY!
ALRIGHT... NOW
IT'S MY TURN!
GO... ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
NEXT I'LL PLAY...
THE SPELL CARD...
MUD MAX!
THIS PUTS CLAYMAN
IN OVERDRIVE...
TO THE TUNE OF 300
EXTRA SUPERCHARGED
ATTACK POINTS!
OH AND GUESS WHAT,
AMNAEL?
I'M GONNA USE 'EM ALL
RIGHT NOW TO RUN OVER
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SO HIT IT CLAYMAN!
PUT THE PEDAL TO
THE METAL AND ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF ELEMENTAL ABSORBER!
BY SIMPLY REMOVING
THE ROCK SPIRIT FROM PLAY
I CAN NEGATE THE ATTACK
OF THAT EARTH ATTRIBUTE MONSTER!
[THINKING]
OH, MAN.
IT'S LIKE HE HAS A CARD
TO CANCEL OUT
EVERY ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
IN MY DECK.
I WARNED YOU, JADEN...
TO BE TRIUMPHANT
YOU WILL NEED TO
USE YOUR CARDS
IN A WAY YOU'VE
NEVER USED THEM BEFORE.
YOU WILL NEED TO BECOME
A BETTER DUELIST THAN
YOU'VE EVER BEEN,
IF NOT, YOU WILL JOIN
YOUR FRIENDS.
OH, I'LL BE JOINING
MY FRIENDS ALRIGHT...
WHEN I FREE 'EM!
THEN YOU HAD BETTER
"GET YOUR GAME ON"
BECAUSE YOU HAVE ALREADY
FALLEN FAR BEHIND.
AND YOU'RE ABOUT TO FALL
EVEN FURTHER!
OBSERVE!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
WHITE PROCESS... ALBEDO!
AND THANKS TO IT, I CAN NOW
SUMMON GOLDEN HOMUNCULUS!
OH!
AH!
FORGED IN FIRE,
GOLDEN HOMUNCULUS DOESN'T WORK
LIKE ANY OTHER CARD YOU'VE SEEN.
YOU SEE, HIS ATTACK POINTS
AND DEFENSE POINTS
ARE EQUAL TO THE NUMBER OF CARDS
THAT I'VE REMOVED FROM PLAY
AND THEN MULTIPLIED
BY 300!
SO, SINCE I HAVE REMOVED
13 CARDS SO FAR,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
BECOME 3,900!
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ABOUT TO BECOME ZERO!
IT IS OVER, JADEN.
AND I WAS EXPECTING
SO MUCH MORE FROM YOU.
ATTACK, ALCHEMY BEASTS!
SONIC SEARER!
SCREAMING STREAM!
SHOCKWAVE SLIVERS!
OH! AH!
JADEN!
HE GOT NAILED!
BUT I'M NOT FINISHED YET.
NOW, GOLDEN HOMUNCULUS
ATTACK!
STONE SHARD STORM!
YOU ARE BEATEN.
HA HA HA!
WHAT THE...?!
HATE TO DISAPPOINT YA,
BUT I'M STILL HERE!
KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE
WHEN YOU ATTACKED,
I USED THE EFFECT
OF MY EQUIP SPELL:
MUD MAX.
NOW BY DESTROYING IT,
YOUR ATTACK'S
CANCELLED OUT!
BUT HOLD ON, AMNAEL...
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE.
SOMEONE RATHER...
CUZ I ALSO GET TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO!
AND I'M BRINGING OUT
AVIAN!
IMPRESSIVE.
I'M NOT DONE! HA!
NEXT I'M GONNA PLAY...
ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX!
NOW LET'S USE
SOME OF THESE MONSTERS!
GO AVIAN!
ATTACK WITH
QUILL CASCADE!
GO ELEMENTAL ABSORBER!
I REMOVE
GARUDA THE WIND SPIRIT
TO NEGATE YOUR ATTACK!
AND SINCE ANOTHER CARD
HAS BEEN REMOVED
FROM THE GAME,
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
GOLDEN HOMUNCULUS INCREASE!
YEAH, YEAH...
NOW, BURSTINATRIX!
ATTACK!
FLARE STORM!
I REMOVE SPIRIT OF FLAMES
TO NEGATE YOUR ATTACK!
GO ELEMENTAL ABSORBER!
AW, MAN.
NOTHING'S GETTING
THROUGH TO DO DAMAGE!
I KNOW!
THAT ELEMENTAL ABSORBER KEEPS
CANCELING OUT HIS ATTACKS!
IT'S COOL!
I GUESS THAT I'LL JUST
HAVE TO USE SOMETHING
OTHER THAN MY
ELEMENTAL HEROES THEN!
SO I'M GONNA PLAY...
BURST RETURN!
SEE, WHEN BURSTINATRIX
IS ON THE FIELD,
THIS CARD LETS ME
RETURN ALL OTHER
ELEMENTAL HEROES
BACK TO MY HAND!
SO... TIME TO COME
ON BACK, GUYS!
AND NEXT
I'LL ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD
BURST IMPACT!
OH YEAH!
NOW ALL MONSTERS OUT,
OTHER THAN
BURSTINATRIX...
ARE DESTROYED!
AND THEN YOU TAKE
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH OF THEM!
NOW GO, BURST IMPACT!
AH! ARGH!
YEAH!
ALRIGHT,
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
I KNEW THAT'D HE'D
TURN THIS DUEL AROUND
SOONER OR LATER!!
[MEOW]
PHARAOH!
YOU HERE TO
HELP CHEER JADEN ON?
OH GREAT, YOU CAN
WATCH WITH ME!
[MEOW]
OOWW!
HUH?
NO, PHARAOH!
THAT GUY'S DANGEROUS!
UM, PHARAOH?
W-WHAT'S GOING ON?
BUT PHARAOH'S NEVER THAT
FRIENDLY WITH STRANGERS!
CHUMLEY'S RIGHT.
THEN...
AMNAEL...
IS NO STRANGER.
TO PHARAOH.
OR TO YOU.
AH!
CAN'T BE...
PROFESSOR BANNER?!
WAIT, IF YOU'RE
BANNER, THEN...
WHO'S...
THAT MUMMY?
THAT MUMMY IS ALSO ME...
OH, MY CHILDREN,
THERE IS MORE GOING ON HERE
THAN YOU COULD
POSSIBLY IMAGINE!
BUT THE TRUTH WILL BE
REVEALED SOON ENOUGH!